ID : 0
It's funny how just the fact that Capitaine calls this a speedrun caused most of the hype and the annoyance...like doing this as a challenge run with your own rules would have been whatever but having something like ''All Bosses Crapplemage Speedruns'' in the title caused all the fuss... I mean you can call anything random a speedrun at the end of the day.

ID : 1
It's not a speedrun - it's shit route with idiots ''quitoutes'' rules. You with friends just kill real all-bosses single segment route with no gliches. Damn you all.

ID : 2
Don't mind if people use glitches in speed runs but in my opinion a real Speed runner should finish the game from start to finish the way the developers intended you to play the game. Glitches are unforeseen anomalies that are unintentional. I mean if you use glitches by all means go for it but if you do it makes the speed run seems less impressive since you skip most of the game.

ID : 3
Weapon swapping does not fit into the confines of what is reasonable. That's not even a matter of an opinion. I have every reason to believe that the Black Firebomb trick on the BoC works legitimately, and that the speedrunner in the posted vid used it so. The problem is that, I don't care. As soon as I found out that he weapon swapped the entire playthrough went down the crapper.

ID : 4
If you mean world record, that doesn't mean anything. My dogs taken the most shits in my backyard. It's a WORLD RECORD!!! No other dog has squirted out more shit's than this one! HOLY FUCK!!!......

ID : 5
People who cheat live in a crazy world, in which they do whatever the heck they want. For all I know, or am concerned with, everything I see in this run is false. It means nothing. I don't even care if the Black Firebomb thing works as how he uses them, because he cheated to get there. I have to assume he can't beat the bosses without cheating.

ID : 6
Haha no need to be all butt hurt now. If you dont think glitching is cheating then i guess your dumbass can go on thinking that. I cant change your mind if your that stupid. Dark Souls was easy and boring. Its so dumb some one has to get on their knees and suck some serious dick just to get a 3rd one

ID : 7
Yes, if you want to be pedantic, it's a glitch, but I would argue that intentionally triggering a glitch is hacking a game. Game glitches are typically triggered by following a specific set of actions - those actions are manipulating the game state in order to break the normal flow. That falls under the realm of hacking because the game wasn't designed to be beaten this way.

ID : 8
Not all speedruns use weapon swapping, and guess what? Those that do don't count for s*** and should not be considered by the viewers as real. Seriously, I call the vid linked in this thread a fake pile of s****.

ID : 9
You got crazy skills but I can't stand ''speedruns'' that use glitches. I don't get how you can call it a speed run when you're not really playing the game if you're exploiting things like that

ID : 10
I'm not against the idea of speed-runs, I think they're a fun idea for some games. But why do people think that any exploit that gets you somewhere faster makes a speedrun legal? ''Oh look I finished Half Life 2 in 10 minutes I AM THE KING!'' ... um, no, you just used some exploit to get to the end really fast. That's not skillful.

ID : 11
This is why I'm continually baffled by people who still obsess over speed-running Dark Souls when a speedrun of that game consists of ''glitch the hell out of weapons and souls and floors as much as possible.'' If you ask me, that's not a speed run. That's skipping the game. Speed-running should involve, y'know, playing it.

ID : 12
I don't think this should at all count. They're nowhere near actually playing the game. It's like putting in a game, using a level select code to go to the end boss, and calling that a speed run.

ID : 13
	I find the use of glitches a not so pure way of speed running games. Had they actually ninja'd the game it would've been much more impressive. IMO...

ID : 14
My thought upon seeing the speedrun: ''oh look someone did a glitch faster than someone else''

ID : 15
This is noteworthy because...Oh wait, it isn't. Thread title should be ''guy wastes life cheating in a video game.''

ID : 16
NOT IS SPEED RUN

ID : 17
Hey *** why not just turn off the fucking game thats the equivalent of what youre doing here. This isnt a fucking speed run. Stop playing. You suck. And to anyone out there who thinks this is a speed run Fuck You you fucking neckbeard ***

ID : 18
There's no excusing weapon swapping. Taking a shortcut that involved moving your character in the space that exists is one legitimate thing, using the estoc moves with a BKGS is not. I can watch and see that he is able to take the shortcut, but I can't see if he is able to actually defeat the bosses.

ID : 19
The weapons aren't performing the animations, the player is. By that logic the game allows for nearly infinite health to be hacked in, and therefore shouldn't be considered cheating.

ID : 20
I am serious. I see a world of difference between a shortcut and cheating. The original mario brothers has all kinds of shortcuts that can be used, and they aren't considered cheating. However, if someone had a character affected with star power the entire time...

ID : 21
Finding that someone uses weapon swapping is like being impressed that someone wrote a book in a day, only to read the thing and discover that a lot of it is blank pages, because it is a self-help title (yes, that is a partial Family Guy reference).

ID : 22
Eh, I don't count it since he quit the game so many times. That's cheap as hell.

ID : 23
Sorry, but those type of speedruns is plain bullshit. Real-time doesn't stop. SO they actually losing real time on those runs due to quitting.

ID : 24
godbless marathons for spoiling general public with RTA runs.

ID : 25
People like marathon events and got hooked on RTA speedruns. And when IGT run appears with constant pauses in Real-time it cause people to make weird posts on internet and other peoples to respond to them in passive-aggressive manner.

ID : 26
How can the speedrun WR is 1h 4min? They waste so many time. Shouldn't take any longer than an hour.

ID : 27
	This is not speed run. it's like use cheating: you cross half game over the air. this? is not honestly, I think. IMHO - this is not rightly - to go like it. It is immitating of complete of the game. It is not speed run...And the end is sux. And one of you has problem - hi is looking for the asses. For Doggy-doggy ass too. how old him? 11? 12?But it was looking perfect. Not game - speed!

ID : 28
What kind of autist would make a video like this? Oh right, anime girl picture, of course :^)

ID : 29
Shouldn't Kahmul have beaten the Dark Souls WR again by now? I mean, it's been what, 3 days already? Dude's losing his touch.

ID : 30
In case some of you don't know or haven't heard about Capitaine before, know that he and his entire stream is just a huge trolling act, he is playing a role and what you see on that stream is not his real self. Most people know this and watch him for the comedic value of the role he is playing

ID : 31
	Speedrunners, you need to know that listening to you mumbling, answering to chatters we don't even read, ruins the pleasure of watching your run.

ID : 32
I'm sure I'd have a world record too if I stopped the timer whenever I wanted.

ID : 33
Money from Twitch destroyed Elajjaz, thats why I'm not watching him anymore

ID : 34
	congratulations mate. very well done. from an entertainment standpoint I'd rather watch the videos with different jumps that don't require quitting the game. like in blighttown, you could have done the triple wheel drop, but you did the quit wheel drop instead. people who don't quit the game max at like 1hr15min30sec though

ID : 35
You can tell its hacked to fuck what a cheat! I never normally comment bad stuff on gamers videos but this is a crock of shit no skill in this what so ever

ID : 36
Hacks

ID : 37
if he is only going to stream for like 2 hours and then give up he should just quit, he cares more about not getting a 4:20 time then actually completing a run now. He has changed

ID : 38
WHY LUCK

ID : 39
how isnt any% considered a joke run yet when you have to farm a wep for hours just to hope it drops before you can even start

ID : 40
Congratulations you've exploited a bug.

ID : 41
fake and gay

ID : 42
	whats the point of beating game with glitches, what a bunch of shit

ID : 43
I don't mind speed runs and *** but the fact that he takes pride in having the ''world record'' for fastest glitched run is kinda gay.&#65279;

ID : 44
World recy? Could you sound any gayer? Plus what's your competition? 4 other guys? Pathetic.&#65279;

ID : 45
oh great. i was looking for a way to play the game while having the least fun possible.

ID : 46
i cant take you seriously with that anime avatar,triggered? come on now.

ID : 47
does this run have to be done on a pc or could a console use the cheats as well

ID : 48
YOU GLITCHER! That doesnt count as world record lol.

ID : 49
''Do you know what any% means you autist?'' Let's face it, knowing what any% means is more autistic than not doing.

ID : 50
Your voice is trash. Play the game and don't ever talk again.

ID : 51
So.. this speed run is: a guy that glich every scenario, quit the game to every door.. oh my god, there are people amused by such things?

ID : 52
24:42 is where the cheating starts, and where I stopped watching. Don't cheat, dude.

ID : 53
so it counts a a world record when you break the game and cheat through walls to cut time off? That doesn't seem right. if you're going to do a speed run do it the normal way without glitching through walls

ID : 54
Why people do glitches i mean whats the point and if that was not enough they also put world record! Really?

ID : 55
WR use TEAR DROP NOT VALID

ID : 56
Stream chat is full of idiots. They don't realize how dumb they look by parroting the exact same thing. They remind of the seagulls in finding nemo.

ID : 57
Please, never make another video ever again. Your video is cancer, your Animu avater is cancer. Never, ever EVER go on the internet ever again. Please and thank you. Have a nice day, may Jesus guide you.

ID : 58
Meh, he's using the estoc moveset with a BKGS to beat S&amp;O. Cheat.

ID : 59
don't be mistaken: nobody cares about speedrunning wrs in real word.. the only purpose for these things is to be fun/entertaining to watch.. yes, i really do think, if they had to omit situations like i linked, they'd have to change their strategies, even if just a bit.. or maybe a huge bit, who knows (but i certainly won't check again, i don't like watching loading screens, i can e.g. watch my toilet flushing instead)

ID : 60
I really don't like speed runs... you speedrunners appear to see games as just records to beat, you feel just so passive-aggressive and complacent...

ID : 61
Say what you want, but cheating is fucking lame. And yes you 1998+ born n00bs, exploiting the game is cheating. Speedruns can be legit too.

ID : 62
dont know why they always quit the game when they open a door, its gay and annoying and it takes more time tan simply wait 5 seconds to open the door, and he is just a sad, stupid, cocksucker cheater.

ID : 63
CONGRATULATIONS; this run can be only second to a segmented one, even if sum of red splits its 25 second. NOW Sir +Distortion2 do u have a moment to talk about our lord and savior CURRENT PATCH?

ID : 64
i lost respect for you for using a glitch

ID : 65
	am I the only one who doesn't think this is legit and stupid. He uses bugs and still this is a ''legal'' speedrun?! PC-Gaming is so fucked up....

ID : 66
Would love to see just one speedrun video that isn't some asshat breaking the game and skipping content never understood what makes it so popular just makes it a little boring imo part of the fun of speedrunning was cutting time off when it first got popular not skipping whole sections of gameplay :s what happened?

ID : 67
lol u cant call this speedrun legit. its shit, retard cheater. learn 2 play it normal. retared vid

ID : 68
WHY DO U KEEP QUITTING?

ID : 69
LOL at having to glitch. Now that it's been patched try again, scrub.

ID : 70
look get a life/job dude and then move outa ur moms basement

ID : 71
claims world record, uses hacks hardcore

ID : 72
finding glitches is interesting, but claiming WR like that is just gay

ID : 73
Those whom use glitches have no honor --Lord Gwyn

ID : 74
I am so tired of seeing live streams of so-called speedrunners who have to kill Gundyr repeatedly without ever finishing a run. It is a simple 1 v 1 fight. He has a weapon, you have a weapon. It is the first main boss in the game. There is no excuse for failing to kill him 100% of the time. Why don't speedrunners just practice?

ID : 75
so depressing... all glitches and skip routes and abuse of mechanics. noone ever just plays darksouls anymore too much ridiculousness...

ID : 76
you should just keep on playing the same game with hacks maybe you will get a 1 hour a 13 seconds. you can share it with your friends and oh yea nvm

ID : 77
aaaaaand you lost me at the quelaag soul dupe glitch

ID : 78
i wanna see you complete the game for the first time ,without items,swords,cloters!!!!!!!! kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk this isn´t speedrun..............speedrun is started since zero!!!!!!

ID : 79
Maybe you could find a glitch where the lords are all dead when you start the game and save us the time of watching this trash. That'd be neat.Or just write glitched in the description. Oh yeah, you wouldn't get the views then.

ID : 80
	Youre not a runner just cheater&#65279;

ID : 81
THIS ISNT A CHALLENGE YA FILTHY CHEATER WHAT THE SH- YOURE A DISGRACE TO DARK SOULS CHALLENGE RUNNERS

ID : 82
thats not a challenge everyone can do it with cheats

ID : 83
Oh my god, how bad at this game you gotta be, to use cheats like that? Thats not a challenge, of you just give yourselves a lot of health and a lot of damage! How bad you gotta be at the game, to start using cheats like that? Try to play the game in a fair way!&#65279;

ID : 84
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAH FUCKING IDIOT...STOPED WHEN HE DIES IN SENS...HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA GAME IS LAME WHEN YOUR HACKING/CHEATING....&#65279;

ID : 85
..... stupid hack video, who cares!&#65279;

ID : 86
Congratulations, you vaccd yourself&#65279;

ID : 87
Yeah. All glitches are acceptable in speed runs. Something I can never agree with. Watching a speed run, some guy uses a glitch to fall through the map and skip 80% of the game. He beats the game in 20 minutes and sets a world record for beating that game the fastest. Doesn't feel legit to me, but I'm always downvoted when I express this opinion on any ''xxx has set new world record in xxx with a time of 42:54, he used several glitches and exploits to get this time.'' Just wrong.

ID : 88
	Why do people speed run? FROM didn't put a time limit on the game, the devs obviously don't want you to speed run. I don't understand why people gimp themselves by speed running when they could just take as much time as they need to carefully progress through the game. Speed runners think they're better than the rest of us, but I just laugh at them as I clear the game at a leisurely pace. I have to say, I don't advise any of you to speed run, it's just silly.

ID : 89
That's too fast. If you have to speed run, an hour seems more reasonable. That gives you more time to do things in the game. Like I said, I don't speed run myself, but I have opinions about how speed running should be done and I expect you all to take them seriously.

ID : 90
Play the same game over and over for a silly record? Sounds like a complete waste of time to me. Don't those gamers have anything better to do, like play games for fun?

ID : 91
''oh yeah I beat the boss without a single hit and cheesed it in the easiest way possible but yeah bad fight'' ''oh yeah my baby got delievered without issues, is genetically okay, but I got blood on my hands. bad birth, time to reset'' why are speedrunners so cynical all the time?

ID : 92
The stress of being a video game speed runner must be unbearable. I bet it's up there with like real jobs and stuff.

ID : 93
Someone told me about a ''great'' run at ESA of Bloodborne by MrTakahashi. I watched it all the way through. What a joke. I counted at least 3 examples of going out of bounds to skip difficult areas. That, to me, is cheating. If a player has to go out of bounds then I can only assume that it is because they cannot survive ''in'' bounds. Fair enough to MrTakahashi for what he achieved but I cannot say well done to a cheater.

ID : 94
Thats complete bull, that they would count that as a legit speedrun knowing full well he used that exploit.

ID : 95
In my opinion it isnt a speed run if you use a glitch like that to skip half the game. There was a speed run of under 1h performed by a japanese player on youtube. That was skill. He used shortcuts and insanely well times strategies to get through the game. One involved jumping off the elevator in the duke's archives to skip half the level (I tried for 2h to replicate it and died every time) or jumping around the lava in demon ruins to skip killing ceaseless discharge. That was skill.

ID : 96
It may just be me, but using a glitch to skip half the game seems a bit odd for a speedrun record. Then again I am pretty much the complete opposite to a speedrunner so maybe it's a usaul thing to do. Personally I'd consider the record for speedrunning through every required part of the game a bit more legitimate.

ID : 97
It's not faster to reload than open the door, he stops the clock while it's loading. He also stops the clock when using a homeward bone, when he dies (stuffed it right next to a bonfire and went down a chasm) and when he quits and reloads to reset enemies away from him. I'm probably being overly militant purist but of you're abusing the load screens and resets to make your run easier and faster shouldn't they count towards the time? Seems like a bit of a cheat way to cut time off.

ID : 98
I don't know how anyone could say that quitting/reloading to reset enemies so you don't get killed by them isn't cheating... And nearly every time they do it for a door opening there are also enemies chasing them at the time. And this is coming from someone who actually enjoys watching a few speedrunners of these particular games.

ID : 99
It doesn't bother me greatly that they do it, but to say it's not cheating closing/opening a game to reset enemy hostility, locations, and to not die, etc, is pushing it. If you're going to die, one should have to adjust their methods... Not just close and re-open the game. I see that as an aspect outside the game being used to alter aspects within the game, as such I simply don't think it should be allowed.

ID : 100
I don't agree with speed runs such as this. The fact that people have to exploit bugs to finish in record time just isn't.......proper. Ya know? Doesn't make it any less fun to watch but still, the principle is there.

ID : 101
speed run?you went the wrong way.you're going places you dont even have to thoyou go around thru dragon basin,i forget names.you run thru that to gargs,then run to kellogs.magic isn't a good spec for a speedrun,never!you dont have to kill them,you said it was a speedrun tho.nevermind.i thought it was an actual speedrun.start over

ID : 102
what are you congratulating. why not just mod the game. if youre gonna cheat, do it right

ID : 103
oh so he is a glitcher, what is the pride in that

ID : 104
why play a game if its playing it by glitch

ID : 105
your bot is pretty smart, you might want to stick to coding. doesn't coding make more money than cheating at games

ID : 106
I like Kalhum, but I think he is using his speedsouls website to make ppl think that Any% should be called any% no kiln skip

ID : 107
Decent Run, try killing Oscar next time, it's quicker, sounds taboo, and I've never done it, but docks a few seconds of your time if you don't.&#65279;

ID : 108
Could someone explain to me, why some people would spend time on speedrunning and trying to get the best score? Our time on this planet is limited, we have friends, wifes, gf, kids, careers, plenty of SP games to play. Why spend time on something like this?

ID : 109
you talk too much for someone who fails

ID : 110
lol you glitched ur way through, but the part where you jump down into the bottom of blighttown was the coolest jump ever. 8/10 overall, lose 2 for glitching ur way to the last area.&#65279;

ID : 111
congrats for what? games are experiences to be enjoyed, not something to make as short as possible. he can piss off.

ID : 112
a rose is a rose, a glitch is a glitch, a cheat is a cheat&#65279;

ID : 113
you arent playing the game the way that its intended, how exactly is that not a cheat? guinness accepting them makes me lose respect for them&#65279;

ID : 114
glitched out speed run? /notimpressed&#65279;

ID : 115
You are pissed because you cant fucking cheat, you dont deserve to play this game, earn your souls like everybody else you coward&#65279;

ID : 116
I hope this glitch is fixed so Cowards cant use it and cheat that way, you are ruining the game like that&#65279;

ID : 117
+Kahmul78 You still a virgin, Kahmul? You don't have to answer that. We all know the answer... ;-) &#65279;

ID : 118
Not a good run? Go fuck yourself. A run doesn't have to be the world fucking record to be considered good. you even beat your personal best. By what standard is a 52:01 IGT considered not good? you weren't even a minute behind the world record.&#65279;

ID : 119
doesn't justify your glitch is total bull, this run was never a WR and never will be...&#65279;

ID : 120
	I know more then you about doing things legit, and not resorting to cheeky glitches and bugs to cut hours off my time, that's for sure... Dark Souls is game about doing things the hard way and enjoying it, clearly you've never played Dark Souls...&#65279;

ID : 121
was that suppose to rustle my jimmies? you're lack of integrity or for that matter anyone else's in gaming isn't my problem, I'm very sure such a ludicrous exploit will not be possible in Dark Souls 2, and for that I am thankful... so good luck with your Dark Souls 2 speed runs, won't be nearly as easy for you without such a flaw to exploit... :Pyou and anyone else who thinks things like these are legit have no honor as gamers or Dark Souls players, you are a shame to us all.&#65279;

ID : 122
why do you speedrun this meme category? it's just slower than any%, isn't it?

ID : 123
This is bullshit. Disliked. Why not just turn off the game that would be the ultimate speed run.

ID : 124
ffs just patch your game already, this is just as lame as kiln skip&#65279;

ID : 125
DUDE YOU'RE SO GOOD AT THIS GAME! HOW ABOUT GETTING A LYFE?&#65279;

ID : 126
nice try, but why don't you play the game like a man instead of using a bunch of glitchy cheaty scrub maneuvers you loser. have fun in hell while satan eats out your asshole because you used a dark souls 2 glitch, you filth.&#65279;

ID : 127
	basically i came to see the actual speedrun, not practice. title dont matter? loool ok champ ill be leaving here, thats enough internet for me haha

ID : 128
So all you really do is play 2 levels and glitch through the rest of it. Good job mate, what an accomplishment!

ID : 129
i wish the speedrun standard/meta/whatever was not to quit out on doors, it rly breaks up the viewing experience and makes it janky imo

ID : 130
u must count the time when ur loggin off the game dont just pause the timer and continiue that is cheat&#65279;

ID : 131
So ... if your duping it voids the point, like nothing against you personally but it totally makes the speed run illegitimate

ID : 132
fair enough. i see your point but it feels cheese to me like when he has enemys about to kill him opening a door and he quits game so he dont die i wanna see a run with no quits is all that to me is a true WR run&#65279;

ID : 133
its an unofficial WR cause you use quit game

ID : 134
At many moments he quit the game so he wouldnt get damage... loke 59:35 Thats just cheating. Why not put god mod already?&#65279;

ID : 135
Awesome until you glitched through the world on purpose and skipped many many things. That's no record at all.&#65279;

ID : 136
teardrop is so gay&#65279;

ID : 137
this wasn't even a speed run this was a glitch run so wat if Aldrich is annoying that why dark souls make it so you can make your character strong if you can't fight her or any boss directly then there's no need for a speed run

ID : 138
	why is this considered speedrun when you are cheating?

ID : 139
the fact you have to glitch doesn't make this a speed run&#65279;. Any % doesn't mean anything kys pussy

ID : 140
Hello i'm asking myself, where is the challenge ? how can you be proud of you ? you're just skiping some aera, you even quit and reload the game when you meet some enemies, WTF.... so, if i think like you, because i found a way to see the END TITLE while i was wheking what was the content of my disk, i can say i beat the game ??? loooooolpoor man.

ID : 141
	''Dark souls 1 runs are pretty legit though'' moveset swap + item dupe = NOPE !&#65279;

ID : 142
	glitch speed run. idiot&#65279;

ID : 143
Bunch of sweaty glitching exploiting faggotry. This is the problem with gaming and you're all dumb for liking this. This cancer is just the kind of sweaty trash that ruins gaming. By liking this you are part of the problem. Castrate yourself so that you can not breed.

ID : 144
I gotta ask, I thought this was a speed run not a speed run and stop when he reloads the game and stops the timer? Most people who speed run games keep it going, reloading game or not. He isn't a true speed runner.&#65279;

ID : 145
Change the name from speed run to glitch run. You didn't fight Aldrich, which is a must for any type of bragging rights, and you were invisible throughout most of the game. That's just dumb bro, really dumb. Change the name, you don't deserve any DS merit for this BS.&#65279;

ID : 146
This not a proper speed run. About a quarter of the way through he uses a cheat to get a fast time... Better to go and watch someone with skill rather than a guy with a cheat book... How sad is it that you have to resort to cheating to win? lol. What sense of accomplishment do you get? You can't even say you did it because you never. The only thing you can boast about is how you used someones cheat. lol. That's pretty funny. I really feel sorry for you.

ID : 147
okay so imo this is not a run, this is a bug that even if some think should be used it really shouldn't. A run should consist of actually going through the game and fighting the bosses that you need to fight, not this bs that people are calling a run (yes I'm salty if anyone asks because this should not count as any full run towards being the fastest)&#65279;

ID : 148
I came here for a speed run, not a cheat run&#65279;

ID : 149
can you not do a speed run without cheating? I was impressed up until then&#65279;

ID : 150
Thumbs down for cheating/exploiting. LAME.&#65279;

ID : 151
No fun , no game skills, no great work...only glitch bug skills, boring ..nothing else so sad...next time ''no bosses speed run''&#65279;

ID : 152
wtf?? why u do this??????????? just whyyyyyyyyyyyyy i mean its fascinating how you know everything but what do you earn from this haha this doesnt look like fun xD wow

ID : 153
Glitch runs are lame as shit. No one getting a world record in anything real did so by ''glitching''. Shit shouldn't count as an actual world record. Just a ''glitched world record''.

ID : 154
So, staying on an older patch where you can bullshit around is ''using methods provided by the game''? And who is this community? Are they all unanimously in agreement about this? Seems hard to take any community seriously if they de-legitimizes their whole goal by allowing glitches. I bet I could get the world record on holding my breathe underwater if I bought a scuba suit. Wouldn't mean I actually won.

ID : 155
You can't glitch weight lifting. You can't glitch sprinting. Why would it count someone who can't beat the game fairly as a ''world record''. I know its a part of a lot of speed runs but I just don't think it should count. It's like using mechanical arms to lift more weight than you could. Did you really lift the weight or was it kinda bullshit?

ID : 156
So is dark souls just one glitch run now, giant glitch run? I'm saying speedrunners just destroyed the game

ID : 157
I can't comprehend about Speedrunners, they act so superior compared to everyone else who plays the game. There can never be a time when someone is enjoying a game casually without some smug fuck runner bursting into the chat and declaring everyone a scrublord for not breaking the game and abusing glitches. It is for this reason that I will not be watching your channel anymore and am boycotting your group of so-called ''cultists'' for more humble people such as The Happy Hobbit.

ID : 158
You are aware that glitching and cheating are basically synonyms right? I understand that your entire argument hinges on them not being the same thing but I think to anyone who cares about seeing a legit World Record, those things are basically the same. But hey, as the official spokes person of speed running I'll leave it up to you. Hopefully your cabal of game breaking glitchers (which none of the creators of these games wanted) have got everything in order.

ID : 159
Not that I don't understand the reasoning for pausing the timer during loading scenes etc. But I think it's a dumbass idea. Rather have people play it on Playstation 4 just to have consistent loading times than forcing someone to quit out the game a plethora of times during the run just to save some time because load times may or may not be quicker on certain hardware. Just my opinion obviously.

ID : 160
I really DON''T like that idea. I believe speedruns should be as vanilla as possible, so literally anyone could do it. You add mods and rules and skips and glitches and shit gets stupid.

ID : 161
Well modding a game is the equivalent to any % runs. Regardless of how you look at it you're exploiting the game

ID : 162
I think it's laughable that there are so many speedrun communities where people have come up with some arbitrary set of rules and proceed to be elitists about it and say that their arbitrary way of playing the game is the only way you're allowed to, otherwise what you've done has no merit.

ID : 163
Great run and some sick skills! But my issue with these runs are they always utilize glitches. Where are the real speed runs where cheating is illegal?&#65279;

ID : 164
quit to menu, quit to menu, quit to menu.zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz

ID : 165
I always thought glitch-shortcuts were cheap in any game. Why play the game exactly opposite of how it was intended?I remember in Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, you can get from the first boss to almost Ganon using a glitch. That's not fun, that's cheating. This isn't quite as extreme, but still.

ID : 166
Can someone explaiun to me why glitch speed runs are fun or impressive? Legit runs that play the game as intended are cool, but looking for code errors and calling it a legit run is stupid

ID : 167
Why does he have to be so fucking annoying all the time with his ''This run is dead no pb blabla''...Just shut the fuck up and you will see at the end if its a pb or not...Fucking crybaby omg!&#65279;

ID : 168
i had a conversation with a guy about it, and he did a speedrun and im like well you glitched waaaay over the bridge. does that take the point of a legit run? :P he went totally silent. :P still, i think it takes out the point of a speedrun.. glitching your way. well good luck tell the story with pride. :P i wont give credits to people who glitches. :P

ID : 169
You get upset so fucking easy, one of the reasons I quit watching/following your streams. Can't even watch one of your videos without finding it extremely annoying, take a break from the game dude.&#65279;

ID : 170
you just sound like a whiny baby LOL

ID : 171
SOOOO SALTYYYYYYY&#65279;

ID : 172
LMAO THIS MAN'S SODIUM LEVELS ARE UNREAL&#65279;

ID : 173
WARNING THIS VIDEO CONTAINS EXTREME LEVELS OF SALT! ITS A GOOD RUN BUT THE SPEEDRUNNING COMMUNITY SHOWS ONCE AGAIN HOW SALTY / IMMATURE THEY TEND TO BE! WATCH AT YOUR OWN EXPENCE!&#65279;

ID : 174
Quit fucking whining you little child. Unwatchable.&#65279;

ID : 175
SALTYYYYYYYYY&#65279;

ID : 176
salty faggot&#65279;

ID : 177
You're truly an awful person with a shrill voice. That's why I allways watch your videos muted.&#65279;

ID : 178
World records are factually and objectively NOT bad, actually. This is a fact, since you are better than everyone alive, and there is literally no one that exists who you are ''bad'' when compared to.

ID : 179
you complaining fuck, every world record you say the run is dead. Plus you complainig about the chat makes me wanna trigger you more&#65279;

ID : 180
lmfao doesn't understand why people on youtube think he is a salty streamer, literally PJ salts the entire run&#65279;

ID : 181
nope nevermind, you're still crying like a little bitch. LMAO&#65279;

ID : 182
no offense homie but you're kind of a whiny bitch&#65279;

ID : 183
Darksouls speed run world record??? Darksouls all boses glitch world record

ID : 184
What's the point ??, I hope they're not taking care of their girlfriends at the same speed lol

ID : 185
20 years later I still don't understand the point of speedrunning. It's almost an inuslt to the developpers. It's like going into a 5 starts restaurant, getting a 300$ meal, eat it in 5 secondes and then leave lol

ID : 186
The only reason Dist doesn't hold all WRs is because the jealous euros made an agreement to take him down, they all spread throughout all Souls game, there is only 1 or 2 decent runners on each game. Dist is like the bullied kid trying to take his bag (full of rekkies) while the bully euros throw the bag at each other to prevent that

ID : 187
Sets the world record and still isn't happy. Must be a joy to be around.&#65279;

ID : 188
All of these *** exiting the game to cancel animation. Pathetic.&#65279;

ID : 189
your unsatisfaction is senseless! maybe understandable in the terms of perfectionism.but not mathematically, because of the factoid of you being in fact the top runner as of right now, makes your unsatisfaction.....i dunno. you can be unsatisfied? sure, just as the happiest man alive was sad or the poorest man was happy, row your boat but the passengers aren't catching on.&#65279;

ID : 190
speedrunners shouldnt be on twitch... they spend more time running/restarting than fighting... just record it when you finally finish a run and upload to youtube

ID : 191
so, are you proud of being the top leader world wide ''recordist'' , or are you like other speedrunners that think that if your world record run is trash then everything is garbage cause stupid

ID : 192
It is good that there is other fair gamers but this website cant stop the cheaters on this game sadly. Even the dark souls WR guy Santzo84 laughs that nobody can stop him using pro-order dlc weapons and armor. All the dark soul guys are using pro+ssd now lol. Scared of competition i guess :)

ID : 193
''world glitch record'' please... u are a fuking sad player&#65279;

ID : 194
An amazing dark souls player but he had the personality of a toilet brush which is why people tune in to see Lobos jr instead. All he did was moan through the speedrun.

ID : 195
Where's Quelaag? You missed a boss. Also, why do you keep quitting out of the game? Do it without exiting. That seems like a pretty cheap tactic to keep your time low.

ID : 196
Cheating your way past obstacles was amusing when Indiana Jones did it in 1981 by gunning down that saber-wielding baddie; glitching through a game to get to the end is - to me anyway - like speedrunning the 10.000 meter race by cutting across the grassy center from the starting blocks to the finish line in just a few seconds. Whoop de doop, what an accomplishment!

ID : 197
Now add 20 minutes for exiting to main menu all the time to save in game time... scrub.&#65279;

ID : 198
This boi a pussy stopping the timer on loading and backing up on quitouts and shit

ID : 199
go learn what completing a game means if i just go flying over any game did i conplete it? no.. so can i say have any world records? no because i know some people try hard to get that and this just stupid bcs anyone can just walk under the map of a game and then say they have a world record

ID : 200
as usual with such ''skillful'' speedruns it will appear that the person who did it has been actively abusing bugs and glitches. yeah i can open the console, teleport myself in every boss room and make them die, ezpz 30 seconds speed run new world record

ID : 201
so speed running isn't about beating the game in a clean way, it's about who can exploit glitches consistently. I'm sure this kind if shit got patched so the only way to get world record is to play on a broken version of the game. pathetic, doesn't seem legit to me

ID : 202
Cheesing the game is not impressive even if you can do it in an hour.... LAME!!!!&#65279;

ID : 203
Next time try breaking World record all bosses time but LEGIT so No glitches, No exits from game, with lets say Knight this time. DO THIS NOT THAT GOING IN AND OUT OF GAME WHEN YOU HAVE TO OPEN DOORS ETC. EVERYTHING LEGIT&#65279;

ID : 204
buguser NOT LEGIT&#65279;

ID : 205
Would you accept someone's claim that they have the fastest time ever in a city marathon if they avoided large parts of the route by using other streets or shortcuts? of course not. If their defense is that there wasn't a wall or other barrier to stop them running through the alleys or back roads outside the marathon route, would you count it then? of course not. A speed run using glitches is basically the same thing

ID : 206
If someone wants to use glitches just so that they can ''beat'' a game in the fastest possible time, go ahead, but their only real accomplishment is boosting their own ego.

ID : 207
Using glitches and tools to beat a video game faster is like using a bicycle to finish a marathon quicker. Just because you can technically do it, doesn't make it more impressive. If the ''spirit'' of the game is subjective, then why can't ''beating'' the game also be subjective?

ID : 208
Would someone running a race who decided to openly run off course and cut through the woods to shave off 2 miles off their still be heralded as the winner? Hell no!

ID : 209
...this is more paused clock quitting to title than game play. I don't get it. If you're going to abuse saving and quitting, why do you get to pause the clock? Shit, I could break this record tonight, just pause it for a while.&#65279;

ID : 210
I have to say. It's complete bullshit that the timer stops when he quits the game and returns. If it has something to do with game mechanics then it should be included in the timer. I'm pretty sure that's the way it was done in darksouls 1 speedruns&#65279;

ID : 211
It's not the world record if he glitches af. Should be called glitch olympics \[T]/&#65279;

ID : 212
This is a big bullshit, doing exploits to rush a game should be illegal.&#65279;

ID : 213
You’re not beating the game, you’re simply glitching it. It’s two different things. Beating the game means you’ve played it from A to Z as it was meant to be, glitching it only means you’re from A directly to Z, skipping the game altogether. Beating OoT in 17mins... oh, great, grats. you’re good at glitching. Now try beating the game as fast as you possibly can without those damn glitches.

ID : 214
How is it a world record if you’re exploiting a glitch....

ID : 215
Sorry, this isn’t impressive for me. Show me proper playtrought under hour and it will be something else. This is just cheating. Hey what about this - change the game code. In first line of game code wrote something like “10 goto END” and voilá 0.000001 seconds. How impressive. Zero respect. That ‘s jus SPEEDCHEATERS no SPEEDRUNNERS.

ID : 216
I wish the gaming press would distinguish between Speed Run and Speed Run With Exploits. When I hear something like someone beat Dark Souls in fourteen minutes — to me that’s just bullshit. I could load someone else’s save and beat Dark Souls in twenty seconds. Where’s my Speed Running trophy?

ID : 217
real speed runners you know, actually play the game.

ID : 218
“Hey guys, I just won a marathon! First place, completed in one hour no less! Now, it’s true that I did slip all the other runners a lot of sedatives, and I did break a few runners’ knees when the sedatives weren’t enough, and yeah, I did find a short cut that cut out 25 miles of the marathon, and yes, I’d be lying if I said I hadn’t been taking steroids leading up to the race, and sure, I snorted a mountain of coke prior to the starting gun. But! FIRST PLACE YOU GUYS!!!”

ID : 219
This has to be the dumbest effort ever. It’s like jerking off for 60 days in a row just to brag you can have sex in 15 seconds.

ID : 220
So basically he beat it that fast by cheating his ass off. Not much of an accomplishment in my book. Also, Why would you want to speed run anyway. Kinda boring.

ID : 221
This is still not a speed run, I can't understand why so many of these mouthbreathers thinking glitching through parts of the game means you beat the game. Glitching to credits faster just makes it a glitch run.

ID : 222
I don't care if it's considered a way to beat the game, I will never call any exploit-using speedrun legit =._.=

ID : 223
It's a cheat run. Utterly pointless.&#65279;

ID : 224
Yeah no, he's cheating. He's quitting the game and going back in to respawn enemies and mess with the game. If you can't do something fairly, get the fuck out.&#65279;

ID : 225
Cheat - act dishonestly or unfairly in order to gain an advantage, especially in a game or examination. So yes, he is cheating. This whole thing is moot and the video is misleading. It should be ''Dark souls glitchy and cheaty speedrun record''.&#65279;

ID : 226
You clearly have some real mental defects if you can't see you're stupid and wrong. The definition is there. The guy is a filthy cheater, the video is pointless and misleading. Also, I'm tired of your stupidity, so I'm eliminating you.&#65279;

ID : 227
basicly Glitches in a way is like cheating i glitch to get unlimited life i use a hack to get unlimited health whats the differance? its like sayingi didnt steal the money from the bank .. i borrowed without persmission.&#65279;

ID : 228
What the fuck happened to Dark Souls speedrunning? When I was watching lots of runs in 2014 glitch runs were their own distinct category and no one really cared for them. Now it's all mixed together and you don't know if you're wasting your time watching a glitch run until they start glitching cause no one labels their runs anymore.

ID : 229
Who wants to watch people skip huge sections by glitching out of the world? No skill, no accomplishment.

ID : 230
What's there to prove? If you don't see that glitch runs are sewertrash then you're a sewerhuman.Something changed in the community because glitch runs used to be looked down on and would never make it here. Now the entire scene is garbagefucking glitch runs.

ID : 231
You, all glitch runners, and all who upvote these garbage glitch runs are sewerhumans.

ID : 232
Not a big fan of this item glitching, especially the one where you kept spamming Quelaag's soul... That's just blatant cheating...&#65279;

ID : 233
HACKERRRRR

ID : 234
fuck no speedrun its hack&#65279;

ID : 235
''0 hit runs are boring, they do nothing and talk to chat'' glitches, does nothing while talking to chat

ID : 236
what's wrong with Dark souls players? no one of you can keep your mouth shut. It's so annoying, look at how many dislikes you've got. Even girls speak less.&#65279;

ID : 237
what is good about this shit???????&#65279;

ID : 238
glitch + bug + quit = speedrun? LOL&#65279;

ID : 239
I mean I get the whole any% thing. I understand it. But I don't get why people act like its some awesome thing....they are cheating and using glitches to beat a game. What is the point?? Please tell me. It's not truly beating a game. Any% is just a euphemism for cheating&#65279;

ID : 240
how is 60 fps banned but not glitching lol

ID : 241
Hmmm I should record myself playing this game..because I believe I could beat your time by at least ten min...parry and damage is how you will speed your playthrough and he quit and loaded the area more then needed

ID : 242
Wooooooow! Fun as fuck to watch!!!! I bet this speedrun got you hella pussy! This is INFUCKINGSANE!!!!👑